XS✔ ◾ Improved content "fix-small-web-errors" (#6855)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/fix-small-web-errors/rule.md

authors:
- title: Adam Cogan
  url: https://ssw.com.au/people/adam-cogan
related:
- rubber-stamp-prs
redirects:
- efficiency-do-all-your-employees-know-the-quickest-way-to-fix-small-web-errors
- how-to-fix-small-web-errors

---

> Imagine the scenario... A designer notices a small typo on a page in the intranet. As a good employee, they opens up the [backlog](/do-you-constantly-add-to-the-backlog) and create a PBI to fix the spelling error. Then send a ["to myself"](/send-to-myself-emails/) to action. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imagine this scenario... A designer notices a small typo on an intranet page. As a good employee, they open up the [backlog](/do-you-constantly-add-to-the-backlog) and create a PBI to fix the spelling error. Then send a ["to myself"](/send-to-myself-emails/) to action. 
```
